Business Mission to Dubai and Abu Dhabi

The Synergy Business School together with the Roscongress Foundation invite you to take part in a large—scale event - a business mission to the UAE, which will be held from May 8 to 13. As part of the mission, we will visit two of the world's largest business centers: Dubai and Abu Dhabi.

The purpose of the business mission is to help you open up the Arab Emirates market from all sides: to introduce investment funds, local businesses, the real estate market and cryptocurrencies, as well as immerse yourself in the local culture.

Submit your application

A business mission awaits you:
The Open Dubai educational program, with which you will learn how to start a business in this region

Excursions to the offices of the largest real estate developers in Dubai: Damac and MAG.

A visit to the DMC crypto center in Dubai. It is one of the three centers that issue a license for the crypto business

Business breakfast with current Russian-speaking entrepreneurs from the UAE

Getting to know famous investment funds in Dubai

A cultural and entertainment program that will help you better immerse yourself in the traditions and customs of the UAE

And also
Visit AIM Congress 2023— the largest investment forum in Abu Dhabi, where you will learn about the most relevant trends related to innovation financing.

The forum participants will also be provided with:

B2B meetings useful for establishing business ties and contacts, and visiting the brightest panels of AIM Congress 2023

Before you embark on a business mission, you will receive a series of zoom calls, where our experts will help you set goals and objectives and create an individual program of meetings with representatives of the largest companies from the emirates.

Still in doubt: do you need to be on a business mission?
Here are a few reasons why you need to spend these May holidays in the UAE


Get a step-by-step plan on how to start your business in the UAE from experienced entrepreneurs and trackers

Expand your network of business contacts and get the opportunity to enlist the support of investors

Learn all about how to optimally invest in real estate in the Emirates

You will visit the most reputable investment forum in the Middle East region

Embark on a business mission to the UAE to enter the world stage and open new horizons for your project.

See you!